PLAT-139651: Fixed not inserting title into the output HTML with enact pack (#79)
enactjs/dev-utils: CHANGELOG.md

# unreleased

* `WebOSMetaPlugin`:

>   * add a parameter in WebOSMetaPlugin constructor
>   * remove the deprecated callback and replace the latest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a parameter in WebOSMetaPlugin constructor.
  * Removed the deprecated callback and replace the latest.
```

> * `PrerenderPlugin`: Fixed not injecting startup js when multiple locales exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PrerenderPlugin`: Fixed not injecting startup js when multiple locales exist.
```
